[WIP] Context menu, checks, and cooldowns guide (#7952)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/guide/interactions/context_menus.rst

:orphan:

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _guide_interactions_context-menus:

Context Menus Guide
====================

Context menus allow for commands to be triggered through a context menu upon right clicking a related object in the Discord UI,
then selecting the name of the command to run from the ``Apps`` menu.

> Basic Usage

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning that context menus can *technically* be used in cogs, but not in the traditional sense. You could add a note on how it can be used within cogs and just linking it back to this issue: https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py/issues/7823#issuecomment-1086830458

Reviewer 2: Linking to github issues isn't ideal for a guide, all the information should ideally be contained within. I'd say that it will suffice to say that context menus aren't designed to put in cogs, and if you want to you'll need to handle creating the ContextMenu yourself. Optionally you could include a code example in the note.

Reviewer: Yea that makes sense. I wasn't really sure if it needs to be included or not

Reviewer 3: Can you guys take a look at the updated version of this and let me know what you think? I am not sure it is worth creating a code example for as it expands beyond the typical/expected usage of a context menu.

Reviewer 2: That looks good, it probably doesn't need more than that.

:orphan:

.. currentmodule:: discord

.. _guide_interactions_context-menus:

Context Menus Guide
====================

Context menus allow for commands to be triggered through a context menu upon right clicking a related object in the Discord UI,

> then selecting the name of the command to run from the ``Apps`` menu.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
then selecting the name of the command to run from the "Apps" menu.
```
I think quotes are better for these sorta things

.. note::

    Context menus are not designed to be put inside of cogs. If you would like to use a context menu within a cog,
    you will need to handle creating the :class:`.app_commands.ContextMenu` yourself.

Basic Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: python3

    @app_commands.context_menu(name="User Context")
    async def example(interaction: discord.Interaction, user: discord.User | discord.Member):
        await interaction.response.send_message(f"Interacting with user {user}.", ephemeral=True)

    @app_commands.context_menu(name="Message Context")
    async def example(interaction: discord.Interaction, message: discord.Message):
        await interaction.response.send_message(f"Interacting with message {message.content}.", ephemeral=True)

- Context menus can be triggered from two possible sources: by right clicking on a user or server member, or by right clicking on a message.
- The ``name`` argument of the :func:`@context_menu <.app_commands.context_menu>` decorator defines the command name that appears in the context menu.

> - The second argument can be of type :class:`.User`, :class:`.Member`, or :class:`.User` | :class:`.Member` for user context menus.

Reviewer 4: It's not obvious to me reading this what the distinction between User, Member or User | Member is

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure how to specify this one honestly. 

To my knowledge, when used in a Guild context, the arg will be a Member, and when used in a DM context, it will be a User. However, you can also get a User object for both Guild and DMs, or use the union to get either one respective to what environment you invoke the command/menu in.

Reviewer 4: Ah right, makes a bit more sense now, not sure if there's a better way to put this, I'll leave that to someone else

- Likewise, for message context menus, the second argument would be of type :class:`.Message`.
- Any messages sent to the :attr:`~.Interaction.response` attribute of the :class:`.Interaction` will appear in the channel that the user who activated the context menu currently has open.
- The profile image of the bot which owns a particular command will appear next to the command in the context menu.

The User Context Menu produces an option that looks like the following:

.. image:: /images/guide/interactions/user_context_menu.png

The Message Context Menu produces an option that looks like the following:

.. image:: /images/guide/interactions/message_context_menu.png

Checks
~~~~~~~

> One of the most common current uses of context menus is to implement a variety of extended moderation features. Some ideas might include a ``Toggle Mute``, ``Warn``, ``Report``, or ``Info`` commands. For implementing moderation commands like these, it will be useful to add checks in order to ensure that only those who are allowed to can use said commands.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Context menus can be used to implement a variety of extended moderation features. Some ideas might include a ``Toggle Mute``, ``Warn``, ``Report``, or ``Info`` commands. For implementing moderation commands like these, it is useful to add checks to ensure that only those who are allowed to can the commands.
```
Maybe don't say its a common current use case and just leave them with the idea
